just got my unicycle today came in the
box boxes right behind us here so I just
assembled it it was late morning and is
now one o'clock in the afternoon
I've already had a ride up up the
driveway I've got about a 300 foot
driveway I haven't been on a unicycle
since I was a young teenager also and I
just had an urge had to get one so this
is my trainer I bought the torker LX 24
so and I'm 49 still a kid give it a run
see how we do again doesn't matter your
age
I'm taking off from the tree I don't
free mount yet I need my support but oh
okay
I'm a beginner I'm learning again it's
great
and lamb anyway a lot of for training a
lot of guys are doing their training one
I want to point out some things that
they seem to miss unicycle really will
get you in shape I am after riding today
300 foot drive away and back my legs are
burning I am out of shape
it's one of the reasons I bought a
unicycle get back in shape the just the
excitement the fun of it and I really
feel it doing its job so my legs are
already turning to rubber today for my
first day yes
so one thing if you want a good workout
exercise and fun get yourself a unicycle
okay
we go
oh I get the hang about
ha ha z ed closer
there we go
Wow I still need a break
Wow like I said rubber in the legs
I'm is a stupid